Update human_rights_issues_are_more_important_than_veganism.md (#36)
veganhacktivists/animalsupportbot: knowledge/responses/human_rights_issues_are_more_important_than_veganism.md

Should we fix human problems first? 

> If someone was to say “I think it’s really important that we deal with helping the homeless" you could say, “but shouldn’t we be worrying about fixing Syria?” or, “I think we need to address the slashing of benefits for the disabled” one could say, “but shouldn’t we be more worried about the exploitation of garment workers in Bangladesh?”. All of these issues need solving and nothing is achieved by devaluing any of them. Being vegan is as simple as not eating animal products, not wearing animal skin, not purchasing cosmetics tested on animals and not supporting animal exploitation of any kind. So you can be a humanitarian and a vegan. You can volunteer at a homeless shelter and be vegan and you can be building schools and hospitals in impoverished countries and still be a vegan. Being vegan is a passive action, it requires very little from the individual. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If someone was to point to the homelessness crisis, another person could point to other pressing local and global issues—such as reduced benefits for the disabled or exploitation of garment workers—as alternative issues to address and fix. Yes, all of these issues need solving, but nothing is achieved by devaluing any of them. Being vegan is as simple as not eating animal products, not wearing animal skin, not purchasing cosmetics tested on animals, and not supporting animal exploitation of any kind. You can be a humanitarian and a vegan. You can volunteer at a homeless shelter, build schools and hospitals in impoverished countries, and still be a vegan. Being vegan is a passive action, it requires very little from the individual. 
```

> One of the main issues with this excuse is that it really highlights the underlying belief that humans are not animals and we exist as separate or superior to the animal kingdom. It is a very clear indictment of the speciesist mentality our society has. And beyond all of this, is that if we all turned vegan we wouldn’t just end animal exploitation, we would end some of the most important human rights issues facing our species today. Around 800 million people in thr world are living in a state of starvation due to lack of food - food that we have but that we feed to non-human animals instead so that we can eat their flesh. In fact the United States alone could feed every single one of those 800 million people with the grain that they feed to livestock animals. Furthermore, 82% of starving children live in countries where food is grown to feed livestock animals. Going vegan could end this unfair distribution of food. 

Reviewer: Can we add sources for these?

> Furthermore, people who work in slaughterhouses out of necessity have some of the <a href="https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/15248380211030243">highest rates of suicide, drug and alcohol abuse, PTSD, depression and anxiety in any profession.</a> <a href="https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2018/jul/05/amputations-serious-injuries-us-meat-industry-plant">The industry with the second most work accidents is meat processing</a>, losing only to <a href="https://www.thesafetymag.com/ca/topics/safety-and-ppe/industys-high-death-rate-unacceptable-and-preventable/315770#:~:text=The%20data%20revealed%20fishing%20to,the%20most%20dangerous%20in%20Canada.">fisheries</a>. If we all went vegan we would end the exploitation of tannery workers in India, Bangladesh and other third world countries where 90% of workers die before the age of 50 and have children born heavily disabled due to all the poisonous chemicals required in the production of leather. If we all went vegan we would end the exploitation of tribal groups in the Amazon, whose communities are being uprooted and destroyed so that the animal agriculture industries can destroy more of the rainforest. And we would root out one of the last remaining sources of worker abuse in developed countries.

Reviewer: Let's pull out these inline links to a "References" section below. Similar to [this response](https://github.com/veganhacktivists/animalsupportbot/blob/master/knowledge/responses/animals_eat_other_animals.md)
